Removing trailing underscores from tag values. (#6589)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/guide/what-best-practices-are-recommended-for-naming-metrics-and-tags.md

* Tags must start with a letter.
* May contain alphanumerics, underscores, minuses, colons, periods, and slashes. Other characters are converted to underscores.

> * Any trailing underscore will get removed, whether if it originated from a convereted charachter or if it was in the original tag value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Any trailing underscore will get removed, whether if it originated from a converted character or if it was in the original tag value.
```
